Level 1 Narration (Short)
You take in your surroundings, unable to remember how you arrived here.
Next to you, is another person who also seems to be regaining consciousness. 
Suddenly, audio begins to emit from a tape recorder at your feet.
Hello. You must be wondering where you are. But I would not focus on such trivial details.
Remember this: only one of you will survive today. Or perhaps you will both die.
Regardless, only one of you can move forward.
So turn on each other, and fight for your right to live. 
Welcome to your reawakening.

Level 1 Narration (Long)
..........
You wake up in a large dark room, slumped against a bathtub.
You wince as you notice a dull pain in your head, your hand becoming sticky with what you can assume is blood as you touch your left temple.
You don't remember how you arrived here.
You hear movement to your left and turn your head, eyes straining to adjust to the darkness.
You vaguely make out a person, sprawled out on the tile next to you.
They slowly sit up, before noticing you.
“Where am I? I.. Oh god no.. please. Not again,” they panic. 
You hesitate. “I don’t know.. I just woke up too. But wait, what do you mean by ‘not again’?” 
Before they can reply, you notice that there is something inside of your pocket.
Inside, you find a tape recorder.
You warily press 'play' and a distorted voice fills your ears.
Hello. You must be wondering where you are. Well, at least one of you are. But I would not focus on such trivial details.
Remember this: only one of you will survive today. Or perhaps you will both die.
Regardless, only one of you can move forward.
So turn on each other, and fight for your right to live. 
Welcome to your reawakening.
You look at the stranger but before you can question the odds of this being some kind of cruel joke, they stand.
They look at you madly. “You heard the tape. He won’t stop. We don’t have a choice..” 
“Wait calm down,” you plead, having the feeling that they know something that you don’t.
As if they didn’t even hear you, they begin to charge towards you and you spring to your feet in defense.

Level 2 Narration
Pain suddenly erupts in the back of your head, before your vision turns black.
When you awaken you note that you are in a different room.
Taking in your surroundings, it appears that you are inside of a large, run down gymnasium.
You sway slightly as you try to stand.
Your eyes scan the room, falling on a pair of double doors.
Before you can rejoice in finding a potential exit, you notice a large figure blocking the doors.
It seems to have the body of a man and the head of a pig. Blood runs from empty sockets that should be filled with eyes.
You can only stare in horror as the creature raises the large knife in its hand before letting out a horrible scream and rushing towards you.
